 Just give me a second. We'll let Ben in. Okay, so no means. Can I change his name to actually going forward? Now if you can put Clara's display picture, there'll be helpful. Clara's support. I'm changing your name. And. Okay, my call. I'll let him in. Yes. We're good. All right. Learning a minute and three to one. And Ben is in Vaseweed, Guy by the way. Isn't. Hey, Ben. Good afternoon. Um. Hey, hi. Good afternoon. Hey, Ben. How are you? I'm doing well. How are you? Very well. Thank you so much for asking. You're really, really excited to kick things off for you. And. Yeah, I mean, how have things been since the last time we spoke. Good busy. Busy. That's good. Good. I'm around for sure. So it's been fun. Um. Yeah, I just signed the. The doc he signed. Oh. Okay. You look like it said, um, like a 12 month term. And I think we were talking more three months to start correct. So what it means there is that after the three months if you decide to continue, which I'm sure you will, the price will stay the same. So that's what that 12 month term. Men means so you'll be good. Correct. It just has to cost increase. Yeah, so you've signed the doc he said. Yeah. Awesome. I think I'll be getting an notification. The billing team and I think the card that you probably details that you shared with me that also. My advice is to share with me that also might be in process of getting executed. So I think we're good. But all that aside, I just want to introduce the new phase that you can probably see on your screen that's Paven. Hey. Hey, Ben. I wanted to get somebody who I mean who understands things in and out and turns out Paven's the one who started the whole journey of Clara answers. So he's somebody who's very deeply in it into this program. This solution. So he'll match your pace, understand your expectations and of course married and then present the solution to you. So he's going to be a dedicated point of contact. But if any case, if at any point there has to be more people involved, we'll of course notify you and then we'll do about the people in as well. Okay. So that's our let's Paven take over and yeah, we'll kick things off. Yeah. Thank you so much, Bharat. And yeah, Bharat is my hype man. Right. Whenever we're excited with all the intro. Varja. I mean, it's super excited to get you started Ben. We've got all the context of your business. What are you trying to solve with, you know, the first solution here that is, you know, AI for answering for your business. Got all the context from Bharat in the way you guys operated it with that information. We already have the, you know, base way. So the agent configured just one, just couple of details, you know, some details that I wanted to clarify so that we can complete that configuration and make the agent available for your testing today itself. Right. That'll be the target. The way the process would look like as well is we'll share the number on which the agent will be available and the dashboard as well. So that you know, you can run some test calls see how the agent is responding all that you after this call is share that details. With you by making those final configuration. And then post that we can probably set up another call for Friday if you have some time because you get this one day to really test and you know, run some test calls see if you'd want anything changed. And then. You know, we can probably, you know, have the agent take life calls this weekend, right. Okay. So, personally to I mean, get an understanding we'll divide the conversation into during officers and after us just to get the behavior that we'd want to. Right. Okay. For the agent. So for during officers, then is it only you who takes all the incoming calls from customers or is there anyone else as well? No, right now it's just me. Yeah. We have we have some steady they contractors and they have the full numbers for some of my team so they can talk directly. And for the guys in the field, but generally like what I need this for is the new clients, the small jobs, the service calls people have call every day that we don't have already working relationship with so. But anyways, yeah, it's me that takes those calls. And it makes sense. And then. So when Clara will be set up the way it will be set up as your main business line today. By default, the forwarding will be set up from there to Clara. So. So we can start off with. So what I understand from birth is you only have one number and that is your personal number that is your business line. I think that is. Do you do by any chance. Happened to have a second number. I do. I've got. I think that's a lot of people are going to be doing this. And so I think that's the way that we have a phone line that I'm going to use for personal. I'm just going to get to go and tell all my contacts menu number. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just going to say like can I turn until I get that done, am I able to turn Clara off and on as needed kind of thing or. Yes. So the way then we can, the way we can set it up is. You know on your phone. Are you user. iOS device like an app advisor on Android. Yeah. Android. Perfect. That makes it easy because you can really set some. You know, the way we can start off is on your phone. You can set up the call forwarding in a way where if you do not answer the call or if you decline the call. Then we can forward the calls to Clara. So in that way in that way, we can start off like that until you have the second number up and running. Once the second number is up, then you know, we can have Clara be the first point to contact and then if someone wants to talk to you or. You know, then they can then we can transfer it to the second number. Oh, I was actually now set today. So Clara can transfer if somebody really needs to talk to me. Clara can transfer that call. Yes. That's where that's where we need that second number. That's where. Oh, got you. Okay. Yep. So that is possible. Cool. So when the second number is up and running, probably that is one number that I'll need from you. You can just. I'll send my I'll send the details of the agent on the email so you can apply to that. I'll include these point to says well, so that can. So for officers, that is one. And then for anyone who's calling to probably schedule an appointment or is inquiring about a quote. Do you have any minimum. Like a visit fee that you charge if you have to ever give out a nest. Yeah, our structure is set up like for service calls. We do have a service call fee, which is $115. That's a call out, which is what gets us to the job site. And then our hourly charge is in half our increments after that. At the average of $90 an hour for residential. Okay. The 98 or 98. Okay. For our which for half hour is going to be of course 40. 9 9. Yep. Yeah. Cool. And then photo initial 115. So for that, do you have a. Like does that cover for the first one or two hours or anything like that? Well, that's just the call out to get the site. Okay. And then. Okay. So. So basically it's $150 for the first half hour or. Okay. Yeah. Okay. For the first half hour, it's the usual call out fee and then every afternoon. It remains from their perfect. So because and do you want. Clarado mentioned that on the call or shall we start off with not mentioning and you want to take that. Call them subjectively based on because some calls. Most of the time. I've definitely learned that people need to know about that before we. Before we book the job. So when people ask, I do want Claire to be able to mention that. Um. Only if they want to clarify will mention, but we'll not make it a point to mention all every. I think so. Yeah. I mean, I guess Claire is actually speaks better than I do. Sorry. I'm trying to mute my phone right now. I've got to. I hope once you know,ifications coming in here. Um. I double book myself. I actually have a flat tire and I've got a mobile tire repair guy right now. Excuse me. One quick second. He's just outside my door. Sorry guys. Yes. Sorry guys. They just kind of pay this guy. You're back. You You You You You You Oh, so sorry guys. Good. Yeah. I need to in that. Sorry sorry. Uh, No, no problem at all. So we're talking about service call fee and we will only include, you know, we'll not make it a point to mention it on all call, but you know, we'll have that information. And then we'll go to the government. Yeah, when people ask for if there is a minimum fee or anything else. Yeah, we'll make sure, right? Cool. And then for everything else, yeah, I think everything else is clear from the website already. So we'll start off there, but you know, we can, you know, we can, any day, as the calls come in, you know, we can make changes. It's not like where you're injured in that way. So if you'd want to include some policies or, you know, if you'd want a specific type of calls handled, a little differently, all of that we can, you know, take it up when as a Monday, a pop up. Okay. So those one, the other one is, so we can send out a notification whenever there's a new call. So do you have a preferred email address and a phone number, so that we can have the email in then the SMS and. Yeah, um, we just think here. Probably the best one info at bands, electric solutions team.com. Okay. So just so that I don't get the spelling wrong here. Will be possible to drop that in the chat. Yeah, sure. It's basically the same as if you have my email address. It's the same. Okay. In for one, self-pan. Yeah. But I were ready down for him. Yeah. I'll get that from there. Will and then the number on which you'd, so the main line that you're using will use the same number to send the SMS. Uh, the same number to send. We're sorry. So we'll send the post call like whenever there is a new call from the customer, you'll get a message as well. Saying hey. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Actually, I was going to ask about that too. If it affects tax messages or not, but probably not. Okay. Okay. So we'll have the email and text message set up on that number. Okay. Perfect. And so, um, yeah, if people are text messaging me on this phone, that's not going to get in. I'll get those text messages right away. So your phone, your phone, the main line, it'll be working fine on like only the income and calls are getting forwarded to. Clara, but everything, the call, you can make a phone call using your number. You can text back and forth all that is still, you know, pretty much the same. Perfect. Exactly. So that is with the officers, but coming to after hours, Ben, do you do any kind of dispatch for after hours? No, we don't do emergency calls except for, you know, our existing builders and I've got one property manager. That sometimes they've got some, they've got gas stations that are running 24. So sure answer is no, but yes, for one particular company. Okay. So if you have that one particular company, if you can help me with the details of that company, what we can do is, you know, if a call, if someone from that property calls for an emergency after hours, then you can patch it through to. Oh, okay. So you can actually select one number. That's allowed to get patched through. Yeah, we can use that number or even if you give me the context of the property, because you don't know who will be calling from that property, right? So it can be true. If you can just give me the details of yes, the custom name address. If you have that handy, you can drop that in the chat, but even if. Okay. So does the details, custom name property name their address, primary contact? So right here in my phone, give me one moment. Yeah. So I'll put it in the chat. It's weird. It's a property manager, but they also do a lot of pressure washing and landscaping. So the company is actually called G&M pressure washing, but their property management. I think they can use clarifies one. Yeah, they probably could. Um. Did you say you need their email address as well? Yeah. I mean, any information that you already have so that when they call. We know we'd if they mention, hey, I'm Shelley. You know, or this is the number or you live someone else is calling as well and they say, hey, this is from. Okay. G&M pressure washing. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. How is this? See if I can. Coffee here. But G&M is just one question there Ben. So G&M is the property management company. But yes, the property. Okay. Is it a specific property under them for which they would call for an emergency or is it there facility itself? No, it's properties that they manage. So it's. It's gas stations. So we do we can work for them. They manage. They have run. Share on an SOs. Okay. So when they call. Do they. I think they'll be giving you the gas station details, right? Yes. Yeah. She'll she'll normally. She's a. I've had a couple of. Couple calls in middle of the night and. She'll usually message me or yeah, she'll tell me the details and she'll send me a text message as well. So she generally will give all of that information. Okay. Because the other several. There's several properties about 20 gas stations. You know, around the city that we work in. Yeah. You probably have to just let a no. Hey, I'm trying this. You know, answering service out. So you can just call in and drop all the context and. I'll sure. I'll be that. The call will be patched through right to me. Okay. Perfect. Cool. So that covers the after hours as well because there's only one property. All, you know, one customer. Yeah, there's really only the one customer. Yeah, for for everyone else. We'll just have it as. You know, we'll get back to you. Next business day. And then yeah, the working hours Monday to Friday. Should we take directly from the website? I think it's Monday to Friday. And then yeah, Monday to Friday. I think what the website says is eight to four 30. Yeah. So much eight. Five is kind of what we work. But yeah. Perfect. We'll use that information again, like I said, we're starting there. But if we want to make any changes, we can always think that. Okay. Maria, uh, that was pretty much it like that was pretty much all the information that I need. Because the rest of the information. We're already using your website. Uh, to have the agent trained on it. So there's no problems there. But yeah, the should already help us complete the. The configuration and send the details over to you. This is the. So I'll send a link to the dashboard where you can see the calls and then. I'm purposefully not sharing the screen to show you the dashboard around. Uh, but I not want you to just log in, try it. Try your hand at the dashboard. And then when we probably we can schedule a time on Friday. And then that's when you've already made some test calls. All of them would be on the dashboard and I can just walk you through them. How you can actually put the bash put the dashboard to the best use. Perfect. Cool. Uh, so. Of Friday. Do you have a time in mind when we can connect again? Yeah. Just make sure my schedule have gotten nothing else going on on Friday. Don't take a single. Same time works. We're getting with them the same time zone. I did. Oh, I think. Um. Where's the. I think I've got something on Friday and on a moment. Where is that? Where is that? Yeah. No one's not going to be good. Okay. So I've got a meeting already lunch meeting from noon till one on Friday. So how much time do you think we need for a meeting on Friday? Less than half an hour. That's never okay. Probably 15 to 20 minutes. So what we'll essentially be doing is you would. After seeing the details today, you just you will try making some test calls and then see how the email is coming through. How the SMS is coming through. How the details pop up on the dashboard on Friday when we meet. It's more of a few observe something that needs changes. That's something that we'll address on the call and then I'll just walk you around. The dashboard is probably show you some. Okay. Nice feature. Let's do it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. The suit in the afternoon. I think that'd be a little better. If you've got some time around two o'clock. Hey. That's fine. I can skate it for two o'clock on Friday. And then. Perfect. I did. So once after we meet on Friday, we can. I have the setting already. We can call the main line. We can have the. Because that's how I said once you put it in front of the customer. You use you see how you know they're receiving it and you're already see a lot of. I'm given back to yourself. It's really okay. All the spam calls and. Yeah. So at. Okay. So once we go live. Then it's going to answer the calls. Oh, we can configure it. So it answers the calls if I don't. Right? Yeah. So that's a setting that we can just. But do you think the second number will be up by Friday. And would you think that's a possibility. Yeah. That'll be ideal where we can set it up. In a way where we can forward all the calls from main line on to. And then from there if someone wants to talk to. You know, you or someone. They're like where I want to talk to someone because you. You would have that. You know, person. You know, person days of customers will be like. I don't want to go through this. Just put me through. Right. We don't want to. You know, create a lot of friction there. So we can just patch them. But we just get a quick purpose of. You know, why they're calling. And then. Okay. So in initial few days there'll be that calibration where. You know, all the. Along with all the. Spam call, you know, one or two spam calls might be going through. You know, the sales calls that are coming in. But we will. It probably be the edge cases here and there where someone told something a little differently. And then they they told it's relative of yours. And then they got through. To. No, I guess he'll call right. So we'll try to have all of that minimize will start off with. You know, keeping the door. Relatively closed. We'll. Okay. Shut the door. You know, as we. Yeah. Sounds good. Cool. We love the testing piece taken care of in the following conversations and should everything go well. We can get things up and running. Very great. Now I get. Cool. Yeah. Just watch out for my email there. Ben, I'll drop the details of the agent. The number. Which you can dial to talk to the agent. Nothing is live yet. So you can directly call that number. And then you can see the number of conversations. You can see the post call. The post call. Flo in that way as well. Yeah. So that was all I had from my side. Thank you so much for your time. Ben, but yeah, for you. But it. Yeah. Awesome. Good. Good. I'll see you. Ben, just watch out. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks.